(After a few days later, second photo shooting is about to start!)
ALL: Hi~
HaSeul: Wow, eleventh member already….
HaSeul: There is just one member left… The twelfth member.
JinSoul: She’s the fourth bleached hair member of LOOΠΔ
Yves: Wow~ I envy you~
Yves: I want to try it...
(JinSoul sharing LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE’s bleaching know-how!)
JinSoul: Try it!
HaSeul:, Ah, Choerry didn’t bleach her hair.
(JinSoul sharing LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE’s bleaching know-how!)
Yves: Does It look good on me?
HaSeul: No~
JinSeul: Are you confident today?
Go Won : I’ll do my best!
JinSoul: Okay, we’ll look forward to it!
(Chuu & Go Won’s two shot will be shot today!)
JinSoul: You will take photos with Chuu today, right?
Chuu: Come with me!
(Wonder how two girl’s chemistry will be…)
JinSoul: Well, let’s cheer up!
(Cheer up, girls and LOOΠΔ TV!)
All: Fighting!
(She changed her outfits already and sat down to do a photo shoot!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Go Won - One&Only"
Chuu: So beatiful~
HaSeul: Looks like a doll!
Chuu: Right, looks like a doll~
Chuu: Please look forward to her…